Professor: Norman Gervais
Department: CINF
Source: Coursicle
Courses taught: CINF 197, CINF 201, CINF 496

Graduate student, CINF, 3 years ago. Gervais is an inexperienced grad student professor so do not expect much. He is kind of nervous when he teaches but he tries. He is a pretty tough grader — this was the first class where actually having to read the textbook for hours to get an A on tests was necessary. Overall it was an interesting class, just be prepared to study hard and do group work.

Junior, CINF, 3 years ago. Gervais seems like a nervous wreck when mumbling while trying to teach. He is extremely unclear with assignments but expects students to know everything perfectly as if he actually taught the material. By far the worst teacher encountered. Avoid taking a class with him at all costs.

Sophomore, CINF, 3 years ago. The class is easy enough but Gervais does not know how to teach. He has no teaching style — he just mumbles unclear information about the topic and then tells teams to do an in-class assignment. No one ever knows what is going on. If you ask him a question he will question why you even asked. Assigns work without explaining anything.

Junior, CINF, 3 years ago. He does not help with any problems. If you do not understand something in the textbook he says he does not get what you do not understand and provides no help. Ask a question in class and he says it is in the textbook without answering the question. There could be a mistake on his test and he does not give points back.

Sophomore, CINF 201, 3 years ago. Literally the worst teacher you will ever have. The online material consists of his own YouTube videos recorded while mumbling, barely visible on screen. He is rude and does not answer questions. You will ask a question and he will wait a day only to respond asking if you figured it out yet. Do not waste your time.

Sophomore, CINF 201, 3 years ago. He does not help out at all. What is taught in class compared to the actual homework has no correlation whatsoever.

Junior, CINF, 3 years ago. Gervais was perhaps the worst professor at UAlbany — totally arrogant, unhelpful, and rude. Every time office hours were visited, he never helped and told students to use the library instead. He once told a student not to bother him with research questions. Avoid at all costs. Take a different professor or prepare to be frustrated.

Sophomore, CINF, 3 years ago. The class could be easy but he made it tough. Uses iClicker so attendance is mandatory. Vague instructions about homework. Takes off points easily without justification. Avoid at all costs.

Sophomore, CINF, 3 years ago. Does not explain assignments. Cuts points without justifying why. Unable to answer questions in class. Always nervous. Boring lectures that just read off slides. Fast paced classes. The most stressful class experienced at UAlbany.

Junior, CINF, 3 years ago. Save yourself.

Sophomore, CINF 201, 3 years ago. After Mahdi, this professor is the worst in the department. Many students hope the department recognizes this sooner for the sake of future students. He mumbles, is unclear, rude, and completely incompetent at explaining course content. Chances are you will not do well, with no good reason behind it.